Update ledger-quick-start.adoc (#288)
dfinity/docs: modules/integration/pages/ledger-quick-start.adoc

End-users—or other canisters—can send messages to canister functions to perform specific operations. 
The messages can be either **query calls** that retrieve information without saving state or **update calls** that change and preserve state. 

> The order in which update are executed is agreed upon via a consensus protocol between all IC nodes which run the canister.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The order in which update are executed is agreed upon by using a consensus protocol between all IC nodes which run the canister.
```

Queries can use the index to retrieve transaction details. 
The signature used to authenticate a transaction can be verified by any third party who has access to the root public key of the internet Computer.

> == Integration with the IC ledger canister via the Rosetta API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Integration with the IC ledger canister using the Rosetta API
```

It is possible to interact with the internet Computer and ledger canister in several ways. 

> In this document we outline how to intergrate with the ledger canister using the the https://www.rosetta-api.org/[Rosetta application programming interface]. This is a https://www.rosetta-api.org/docs/welcome.html[well-documented and open standard] designed to support multiple block chain data formats and structured communication for exchange workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document outlines how to integrate with the ledger canister using the the https://www.rosetta-api.org/[Rosetta application programming interface]. This is a https://www.rosetta-api.org/docs/welcome.html[well-documented and open standard] designed to support multiple block chain data formats and structured communication for exchange workflows.
```

The integration software—`+dfinity/rosetta-api+`—enables you to deploy a passive Rosetta node outside of the Internet Computer network that can communicate with the ledger canister running on the Internet Computer.

The following diagram provides a simplified view of the communication between the Rosetta node and the Internet Computer using the `+dfinity/rosetta-api+` integration software.

image:basic-rosetta-api-integration.svg[]

As this diagram suggests, the Rosetta node maintains a local copy of the {IC} ledger canister. 
Periodically, the `+dfinity/rosetta-api+` software running on the Rosetta node updates its local view of the ledger by querying the ledger canister for the tip of the ledger chain, then querying for any missing ledger blocks.
The integration software also allows you to use the Rosetta node to submit transactions to the {IC} ledger. 

=== Basic integration workflow

> The following steps summarize the basic operational workflow for transferring ICP tokens if using a Rosetta node to communicate with the {IC} ledger canister.  The description concerns a user who controls an IC principal ID using a signing key (stored in a wallet). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following steps summarize the basic operational workflow for transferring ICP tokens if using a Rosetta node to communicate with the {IC} ledger canister.  The description concerns a user who controls an {IC] principal identifier using a signing key stored in a wallet. 
```

== Ledger canister API reference

> In the previous sections, we outline how to integrate with the {IC} ledger canister via the Rosetta API. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the previous sections, we outline how to integrate with the {IC} ledger canister using the Rosetta API. 
```

[width="90%",cols="<15%,<75%",options="header"]
|===
|Parameter |Description

> |`+memo+` |Allows the caller to set an optional value, e.g. to identify and link transactions for applications that communicate with the ledger canister. The Rosetta node implementation uses this field to store the nonces which ensure uniqueness of transactions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`+memo+` |Allows the caller to set an optional value, for example. to identify and link transactions for applications that communicate with the ledger canister. The Rosetta node implementation uses this field to store the nonces which ensure uniqueness of transactions. 
```
